Explain HTTP logging basic in troubleshooting.adoc (#509)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/appendices/troubleshooting.adoc

NOTE: That the choice to enable logging will be persisted across Desktop App restarts.

==== Log HTTP requests and responses

When HTTP logging is enabled, log files will contain additional entries:

[source,plaintext]
----
23-09-01 16:31:14:031 [ info sync.httplogger ]:	"eca37889-6dea-42cf-81a2-c3826efbf146: Request: GET https://cloud.example…
23-09-01 16:31:14:143 [ info sync.httplogger ]:	"eca37889-6dea-42cf-81a2-c3826efbf146: Response: GET 200 (112ms) https://cloud.example…
----

[cols="25%,75%",options="header"]
|===
| Log Content
| Description

| `23-09-01 16:31:14:031`
| Timestamp
| `[ info sync.httplogger ]`
| Log item category label
| `eca37889-6dea-42cf-81a2-c3826efbf146`
| `X-REQUEST-ID` to find corresponding requests and responses and to find related entries in `owncloud.log` or Apache logs
| `Header: { }`
| List of all HTTP headers
| `Data: []`
| HTTP bodies (JSON, XML)
| `(112ms)`
| Duration of the response (since the request was sent)
|===

The ownCloud desktop app sends the `X-REQUEST-ID` header with every request. You'll find the

> `X-REQUEST-ID` in the `owncloud.log`, and you can configure your webserver to add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`X-REQUEST-ID` in the `owncloud.log`, and you can configure your web server to add the
```
